[main]
host = https://www.transifex.com
lang_map = fr_FR: fr-FR, en_US: en-US, ar_SA: ar-SA, bg_BG: bg-BG, ca_ES: ca-ES, da_DK: da-DK, de_AT: de-AT, de_DE: de-DE, el_GR: el-GR, en_AU: en-AU, en_GB: en-GB, es_AR: es-AR, es_CL: es-CL, es_ES: es-ES, es_MX: es-MX, es_PR: es-PR, et_EE: et-EE, fa_IR: fa-IR, fi_FI: fi-FI, fr_CA: fr-CA, fr_CH: fr-CH, he_IL: he-IL, hu_HU: hu-HU, is_IS: is-IS, it_IT: it-IT, ja_JP: ja-JP, nb_NO: nb-NO, nl_BE: nl-BE, nl_NL: nl-NL, pl_PL: pl-PL, pt_BR: pt-BR, pt_PT: pt-PT, ro_RO: ro-RO, ru_RU: ru-RU, sl_SI: sl-SI, sv_SE: sv-SE, tr_TR: tr-TR, zh_CN: zh-CN

[speedealing-erp-crm.admin]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/admin.json
source_file = locales/fr-FR/admin.json
source_lang = fr_FR

[speedealing-erp-crm.bank]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/bank.json
source_file = locales/fr-FR/bank.json
source_lang = fr_FR

[speedealing-erp-crm.bills]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/bills.json
source_file = locales/fr-FR/bills.json
source_lang = fr_FR

[speedealing-erp-crm.bookmarks]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/bookmarks.json
source_file = locales/fr-FR/bookmarks.json
source_lang = fr_FR

[speedealing-erp-crm.boxes]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/boxes.json
source_file = locales/fr-FR/boxes.json
source_lang = fr_FR

[speedealing-erp-crm.cashdesk]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/cashdesk.json
source_file = locales/fr-FR/cashdesk.json
source_lang = fr_FR

[speedealing-erp-crm.categories]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/categories.json
source_file = locales/fr-FR/categories.json
source_lang = fr_FR

[speedealing-erp-crm.commercial]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/commercial.json
source_file = locales/fr-FR/commercial.json
source_lang = fr_FR

[speedealing-erp-crm.commissions]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/commissions.json
source_file = locales/fr-FR/commissions.json
source_lang = fr_FR

[speedealing-erp-crm.companies]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/companies.json
source_file = locales/fr-FR/companies.json
source_lang = fr_FR

[speedealing-erp-crm.compta]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/compta.json
source_file = locales/fr-FR/compta.json
source_lang = fr_FR

[speedealing-erp-crm.contracts]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/contracts.json
source_file = locales/fr-FR/contracts.json
source_lang = fr_FR

[speedealing-erp-crm.deliveries]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/deliveries.json
source_file = locales/fr-FR/deliveries.json
source_lang = fr_FR

[speedealing-erp-crm.dict]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/dict.json
source_file = locales/fr-FR/dict.json
source_lang = fr_FR

[speedealing-erp-crm.donations]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/donations.json
source_file = locales/fr-FR/donations.json
source_lang = fr_FR

[speedealing-erp-crm.ecm]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/ecm.json
source_file = locales/fr-FR/ecm.json
source_lang = fr_FR

[speedealing-erp-crm.errors]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/errors.json
source_file = locales/fr-FR/errors.json
source_lang = fr_FR

[speedealing-erp-crm.exports]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/exports.json
source_file = locales/fr-FR/exports.json
source_lang = fr_FR

[speedealing-erp-crm.externalsite]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/externalsite.json
source_file = locales/fr-FR/externalsite.json
source_lang = fr_FR

[speedealing-erp-crm.ftp]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/ftp.json
source_file = locales/fr-FR/ftp.json
source_lang = fr_FR

[speedealing-erp-crm.help]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/help.json
source_file = locales/fr-FR/help.json
source_lang = fr_FR

[speedealing-erp-crm.holiday]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/holiday.json
source_file = locales/fr-FR/holiday.json
source_lang = fr_FR

[speedealing-erp-crm.interventions]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/interventions.json
source_file = locales/fr-FR/interventions.json
source_lang = fr_FR

[speedealing-erp-crm.languages]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/languages.json
source_file = locales/fr-FR/languages.json
source_lang = fr_FR

[speedealing-erp-crm.ldap]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/ldap.json
source_file = locales/fr-FR/ldap.json
source_lang = fr_FR

[speedealing-erp-crm.leads]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/leads.json
source_file = locales/fr-FR/leads.json
source_lang = fr_FR

[speedealing-erp-crm.mailmanspip]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/mailmanspip.json
source_file = locales/fr-FR/mailmanspip.json
source_lang = fr_FR

[speedealing-erp-crm.mails]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/mails.json
source_file = locales/fr-FR/mails.json
source_lang = fr_FR

[speedealing-erp-crm.main]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/main.json
source_file = locales/fr-FR/main.json
source_lang = fr_FR

[speedealing-erp-crm.margins]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/margins.json
source_file = locales/fr-FR/margins.json
source_lang = fr_FR

[speedealing-erp-crm.members]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/members.json
source_file = locales/fr-FR/members.json
source_lang = fr_FR

[speedealing-erp-crm.orders]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/orders.json
source_file = locales/fr-FR/orders.json
source_lang = fr_FR

[speedealing-erp-crm.other]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/other.json
source_file = locales/fr-FR/other.json
source_lang = fr_FR

[speedealing-erp-crm.paybox]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/paybox.json
source_file = locales/fr-FR/paybox.json
source_lang = fr_FR

[speedealing-erp-crm.paypal]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/paypal.json
source_file = locales/fr-FR/paypal.json
source_lang = fr_FR

[speedealing-erp-crm.products]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/products.json
source_file = locales/fr-FR/products.json
source_lang = fr_FR

[speedealing-erp-crm.projects]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/projects.json
source_file = locales/fr-FR/projects.json
source_lang = fr_FR

[speedealing-erp-crm.propal]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/propal.json
source_file = locales/fr-FR/propal.json
source_lang = fr_FR

[speedealing-erp-crm.reports]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/reports.json
source_file = locales/fr-FR/reports.json
source_lang = fr_FR

[speedealing-erp-crm.sendings]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/sendings.json
source_file = locales/fr-FR/sendings.json
source_lang = fr_FR

[speedealing-erp-crm.sms]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/sms.json
source_file = locales/fr-FR/sms.json
source_lang = fr_FR

[speedealing-erp-crm.stocks]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/stocks.json
source_file = locales/fr-FR/stocks.json
source_lang = fr_FR

[speedealing-erp-crm.suppliers]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/suppliers.json
source_file = locales/fr-FR/suppliers.json
source_lang = fr_FR

[speedealing-erp-crm.tasks]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/tasks.json
source_file = locales/fr-FR/tasks.json
source_lang = fr_FR

[speedealing-erp-crm.trips]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/trips.json
source_file = locales/fr-FR/trips.json
source_lang = fr_FR

[speedealing-erp-crm.users]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/users.json
source_file = locales/fr-FR/users.json
source_lang = fr_FR

[speedealing-erp-crm.withdrawals]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/withdrawals.json
source_file = locales/fr-FR/withdrawals.json
source_lang = fr_FR

[speedealing-erp-crm.workflow]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/workflow.json
source_file = locales/fr-FR/workflow.json
source_lang = fr_FR

